[Music]
I popped your filled with peak packaging
and today we're going to discuss the
different types of foam products that
are available through peak primarily
we're going to talk about three
categories of foam of which peak has the
ability to offer all of these in a
variety of types and shapes first we're
going to talk about EPS expanded
polystyrene which is available either in
a sheet form or in a molded form if you
have a specific need for molded parts of
EPS this material starts out in a what
we call a large billet and then through
hot wiring and design we cut it to
specific shapes or it's in a molded form
for large quantities there are a variety
of different weights based on what is
going into the product this is used a
lot in what we call box liners to give
some light refrigeration this is a
specialized item but it is available
through peak the second grouping that
we're going to we're going to talk about
is polyethylene it's closed-cell product
it's used for heavier packaging used a
lot for a box not box liners as much as
in caps and special die cut pieces as
you can see here they can be die-cut in
a variety of shapes and sizes it's
available in a variety of different
weights colors densities of which
they're all available through peak
packaging the last category is
polyurethane it's an open cell material
and it comes in a variety of densities
we can do a variety of things with it we
can die-cut the product into different
shapes for your specific needs we have
the ability to die-cut trays put a
coating or a topping on trays as you can
see this has a variety of cutouts in it
it's also available in what they call
convoluted foam which is better known as
egg crate we have that available to in a
variety of sizes all of this is
available through peak packaging our
major focus at peak is to be able to
solve your specific packaging problems
and in the case of foam we are able with
our experts to sit down and work with
you whether it be an EPS polyethylene or
urethanes
to customize something for your specific
needs
foam as a general rule is a customized
product and we're here waiting to help
you design your specific needs for more
information call peak packaging eight
eight eight nine eight boxes eight eight
eight nine eight two six nine three
seven or visit our website wwlp.com
[Music]